1.  Summary

    Although a solution already exist, not introducing that solution would increase the
    chances of a better solution will be presented.

2.  Problem

    Our service main idea is to contact companies through their “Contact Us Form”. So a
    certain client of ours would like to contact company A, B and D. With that you will
    have the following information:

    Client Information such as:
        Company Name
        Subject
        Message
        Address
        Contact number
        firstname
        lastname
        email

    List of target company information:
        company name
        company website

3.  Probable problems that needs to be address by your solution

    A website may contain multiple forms, we are interested in forms that indicate that its for
    the “Others” form. Example, Registration Form, Contact the CEO, Other Stuff.
    Most likely we want the Other Stuff.

    A single page may contain multiple form, example: Search form, and Contact Form. We want the Contact Form.

    Matching the client data to the appropriate field. Example Message data should be written
    in the “message form field”

4.  Done Definition

    You are not expected to create a working code. Create a diagram, combine it with pseudo code.
    Do what you can to present your idea. Give enough information that we can discuss the overall
    plan on how to solve the problem above.

=====

given:
    Client
    list of Companies

initialize empty list of filledDocuments

loop through companies list
	get the website
	scrape the site and scan for contact form

	    if contact form is found at the home page
    	    fill the contact form fields with the matching client data
    	    store modified Document to filledDocuments

        else if links are found with "contact%" or "Contact%" as text
	        scrape the contact link site and scan for contact form
	        if contact form element is found
	            fill the contact form fields with the matching client data
	            store modified Document to filledDocuments

        else if links are found with "Others" as text
            scrape the "Others" link site and scan for contact form
            if contact form element is found
                fill the contact form fields with the matching client data
                store modified Document to filledDocuments

return filledDocuments